We like to be bringing up to us, and even we don't like to make them ask that we like.
So that's why it's a "magnetizing".
This of course, the Kurukulle practice,
the other day the Buddha is all enlightened, all the same,
but however, the Kurukulle is a very famous,
he removes one of the important practices of the "magnetizing",
although of our practices.
But many times, many great masters mentioned that,
and of course, also as I said, it's true,
one way could bring everyone into a kind of like, when we like to be,
and those who we don't like, we don't like, or they don't like, make them like that.
So instead of comparing the loving kindness and the harmony piece,
that is the principle of the Kurukulle,
all the inner practices with that, so bring that.
But then more than that, many great masters often say that magnetizing, overpowering,
immediately we shouldn't focus externally to bring something,
but trying to focus more on our own perceptions.
Our own perception is very difficult to overpower.
Are we really able to overpower our own perceptions?
That means our own thoughts, our own emotions,
are we really able to overpower that?
Then definitely we even don't have to try to overpower others to them.
It naturally counts as overpowering them.
So therefore, kind of, immediately when we see the wide running thought
and the conceptions and the emotions that are in it,
immediately bring up the realization or the meditation of the Kurukulle
and through the comparison, the loving kindness, really our power that.
That means, within the loving kindness, within the compassion,
within the wisdom, it's overpowered in that.
So that means what to do, as those thoughts, ideas, any thought comes,
bring up trying to bring up more compassion, more love, and with the meditation of the Kurukull.
So really we are overpowering of our conceptions and perceptions.
And that really well then naturally is all power.